README.md, before:

# Local Development API Server
## Usage
#### Get Restaurants
```
curl "http://localhost:1337/restaurants"
```
#### Get Restaurants by id
````
curl "http://localhost:1337/restaurants/{3}"
````

## Architecture
Local server
- Node.js
- Sails.js

## Contributors

- [Brandy Lee Camacho - Technical Project Manager](mailto:brandy.camacho@udacity.com)
- [David Harris - Web Services Lead](mailto:david.harris@udacity.com)
- [Omar Albeik - Frontend engineer](mailto:omaralbeik@gmail.com)

## Getting Started

### Development local API Server
_Location of server = /server_
Server depends on [node.js LTS Version: v6.11.2 ](https://nodejs.org/en/download/), [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm), and [sails.js](http://sailsjs.com/)
Please make sure you have these installed before proceeding forward.

Great, you are ready to proceed forward; awesome!

Let's start with running commands in your terminal, known as command line interface (CLI)

###### Install project dependancies
```Install project dependancies
# npm i
```
###### Install Sails.js globally
```Install sails global
# npm i sails -g
```
###### Start the server
```Start server
# node server
```
### You should now have access to your API server environment
debug: Environment : development
debug: Port        : 1337


If you find a bug in the source code or a mistake in the documentation, you can help us by
submitting an issue to our [Waffle Dashboard](https://waffle.io/udacity/mwnd-issues). Even better you can submit a Pull Request with a fix :)

Commit message:

Added working IDB Lot of fixings in order to work Now app works in offline (every page) Added favicon, and restaurant-icon

README.md, after:

# Local Development API Server
## Usage
#### Get Restaurants
```
curl "http://localhost:1337/restaurants"
```
#### Get Restaurants by id
````
curl "http://localhost:1337/restaurants/{3}"
````

## Architecture
Local server
- Node.js
- Sails.js

## Contributors

- [Brandy Lee Camacho - Technical Project Manager](mailto:brandy.camacho@udacity.com)
- [David Harris - Web Services Lead](mailto:david.harris@udacity.com)
- [Omar Albeik - Frontend engineer](mailto:omaralbeik@gmail.com)

## Getting Started

### Development local API Server
_Location of server = /server_
Server depends on [node.js LTS Version: v6.11.2 ](https://nodejs.org/en/download/), [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm), and [sails.js](http://sailsjs.com/)
Please make sure you have these installed before proceeding forward.

Great, you are ready to proceed forward; awesome!

Let's start with running commands in your terminal, known as command line interface (CLI)

###### Install project dependancies
```Install project dependancies
# npm i

```Install sails global
# npm i sails -g

```Start server for db
# node server

# cd scr

```Run grunt in scr folder to create responsive images!
# grunt
```
IF YOU WANT TO CHANGE ANY THINK REMEMBER THAT I'M USING minified FILES !!! 

Run grunt in scr folder to create responsive images!

Download from http://fenixwebserver.com/ Fenix Web Server

Change your google API key - index.html and restaurant.html
